---
layout: "auth0"
page_title: "Auth0: auth0_action"
description: |-
  Actions are secure, tenant-specific, versioned functions written in Node.js 
  that execute at certain points during the Auth0 runtime. Actions are used to
  customize and extend Auth0's capabilities with custom logic.
---

# auth0_action

Actions are secure, tenant-specific, versioned functions written in Node.js that
execute at certain points during the Auth0 runtime. Actions are used to
customize and extend Auth0's capabilities with custom logic.

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource auth0_action my_action {
	name = "Example Action"
	supported_triggers {
		id = "post-login"
		version = "v2"
	}
	code = <<-EOT
	/**
	 * Handler that will be called during the execution of a PostLogin flow.
	 *
	 * @param {Event} event - Details about the user and the context in which they are logging in.
	 * @param {PostLoginAPI} api - Interface whose methods can be used to change the behavior of the login.
	 */
	 exports.onExecutePostLogin = async (event, api) => {
		 console.log(event)
	 };
	EOT
	deploy = true
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:


* `code` - (Required) The source code of the action.
* `dependencies` - (Optional) List of third party npm modules, and their versions, that this action depends on
* `deploy` - (Optional) Deploying an action will create a new immutable version of the action. If the action is currently bound to a trigger, then the system will begin executing the newly deployed version of the action immediately. Default is `false`.
* `name` - (Required) The name of an action
* `runtime` - (Optional) The Node runtime. For example `node16`, defaults to `node12`
* `secrets` - (Optional) List of secrets that are included in an action or a version of an action
* `supported_triggers` - (Required) List of triggers that this action supports. At this time, an action can only target a single trigger at a time

### Dependencies

* `name` - (Required) Dependency name. For example `lodash`.
* `version` - (Required) Dependency version. For example `latest` or `4.17.21`.

### Secrets

* `name` - (Required) Secret name.
* `value` - (Required) Secret value.

### Supported Triggers

* `id` - (Required) Trigger ID.
* `version` - (Required) Trigger version.


## Attributes Reference
In addition to the arguments listed above, the following computed attributes are
exported:

* `id` - ID of the action generated by Auth0
* `version_id` - Version ID of the action. This value is available if `deploy` is set to true

## Import

An action can be imported using the action's ID, e.g. 

```
$ terraform import auth0_action.example ...
```

~> For security reasons importing `secrets` is not allowed. Therefore it is
advised to import the action without secrets and adding them back after the 
action has been imported.